#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
coverage[toml]==7.5.0
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via pytest
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==9.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==24.0
    # via pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pymongo==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.1.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   responses
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   responses
    #   slumber
responses==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
